make_grid 5 5
make_robot bob 2 2 blue
make_robot alice 2 3 blue
recolor_robot alice green
recolor_robot alice blue
recolor_robot alice red
recolor_robot alice yellow
recolor_robot bob green
recolor_robot bob red
recolor_robot bob yellow
move_robot alice 0 0
move_robot bob 4 4
recolor_robot alice green
recolor_robot alice blue
recolor_robot alice red
recolor_robot alice yellow
recolor_robot bob green
recolor_robot bob red
recolor_robot bob yellow
move_robot alice 0 0
move_robot bob 4 4
recolor_robot alice green
recolor_robot alice blue
recolor_robot alice red
recolor_robot alice yellow
recolor_robot bob green
recolor_robot bob red
recolor_robot bob yellow
move_robot alice 0 0
move_robot bob 4 4
